Hey welcome back to Boost Your
Income With Bootstrap to WordPress,
Whatcha know about the archive template?
[MUSIC]
All right, so
in this lecture we're going to be fixing
what is called the archive template and
the archive template basically is able to
show you any posts that you're looking for
within an archive, and an archive could
count as, show me all the posts in
a specific category in a specific tag,
and everything like that.
So if I clicked on a tag
here like fake post
this will pull up all the posts
that were tagged under fake posts.
Uncategorized category pulls up all
the categories within that category,
called uncategorized,
that was a lot of the same word.
So hopefully that makes sense,
that's what the archive template is and
luckily there is actually a template
in Wordpress called archive.php.
Open that up.
So this the template for
displaying archived pages, and it's
a little intimidating looking, there's a
lot of if and else if statements here, and
it's basically just trying to pull in
all the possibilities for the archives.
And then it's just giving you what you
need but, the structure itself for
the HTML doesn't match our styles and
we just need to make
that a little bit better.
So, it's quite easy to fix so,
let's just get started.
We're going to just go through and we're
gonna clean up some of this mark up here.
So let's just get rid of
the section in main here.
Get rid of those and scroll all the way to
the bottom, and remove those closing tags.
We don't need those.
We're going to use our own mark up
that's gonna match what's gonna work for
our styles.
So at the very top let's have
our if statement have posts.
And then, get rid of this header, and
make sure to delete the closing tag as
well, so you don't run into any issues.
Page header down here.
Great, we're gonna basically,
make the archive page look
a little bit like our blog page.
The layer,
where we have this big header here, and
we want our posts to show up, kind of
like in the excerpt, the blog overview.
And we wanna have our sidebar, and
then we wanna have the category
displayed up here with a nice,
parallax background image.
So head back, and then right up here,
outside of the level one heading,
we're going to grab
the feature image section,
and we're going to paste it here,
so let's open up our blog.html.
And let's grab the section
header right here, copy that,
and paste it, but
then remove the closing section tag and
the level one heading, cuz we're gonna
keep the section tag as the opening tag.
Everything is fine here,
we don't need to change anything.
We just need to make sure to
close that tag all the way
down here after the level one heading.
There we go, and
now while we're down here let's grab
this php, the optional term description.
We're going to grab that and put it
within the level one heading as well.
After this php here.
And within the print function right here.
We're gonna change this from
a div to a small tag, and
make sure to close that small tag,
because in our level one heading, or
in any heading,
if we have a small tag within it,
it has a specific style that we have
set up and it should look pretty good.
And I'll show you what this optional
term description is shortly.
Save that.
Scroll back up.
And make sure this is good.
We have our section level 1 heading,
okay great.
I'll scroll down after the level 1
heading we have some stuff here.
We have the loop.
And so, before the loop starts,
we wanna have some markup and
this is gonna be a div with
the class "container" and
then we're going to have a div
with the ID of primary and
the class of row and
after that we're going to have a main
tag with the ID of content,
the class"col"-sm-8
And then we're gonna have to make
sure that all of these close.
So the main tag will close directly
after the content,
the else statement here, after the endif:.
This will be the main tag.
There we go.
And then after that,
we'll close our primary tag, and
then we'll close our container.
There we go.
Let's tab this in and move these back.
It should all line up.
But now we need to make
sure to have the sidebar.
So we're gonna cut this out, the sidebar,
and we're gonna move it
directly after main.
And we're gonna have our sidebar here.
And then aside tag,
aside tag will have the class of col
small four so that we can equate to twelve
and then paste the get side bar PHP.
Save that and let's go back to our
category and see what that looks like.
There we go, looks good like it was
just a few small tags to change,
and it looks perfect.
And so should the tags,
the tags look good.
Perfect.
Now the only thing is, what was the part,
the optional category description?
Well, let's edit this category.
In here you can see description,
and it's empty.
So I'm just gonna put a description here.
Let's say uncategorized,
the description will be Update.
Now let's go back to our blog and
view those categories, or
that specific category.
So here we go.
We can see the description isn't under it,
but it's grey and
you can't see in the background
therefore we just need to do a quick
little CSS update and
this should look great.
So go back to your code editor, open up
your styles and all we need to do is go to
our global section, and
after level one heading just go h1 small.
So we're just gonna make that color white.
Now, we should be off to the races.
There we go.
Uncategorized, these are posts that have
been neglected and don't have a real home.
Just kidding.
There we go.
Now, up next, we just need to
work on our search template.
You see it doesn't look very good and
that's what the next one is all about.
See you there.
[MUSIC]